What kind of cake is this? 	 What kind of socket is this?
How do you get a child to eat? 	 How do you teach a toddler not to share?
Do I need a transit visa in the UK to fly to the Canary Islands? 	 Is there a way to find out if I need a transit visa for a layover in the UK?
What signs indicate good water quality for tropical fish? 	 Besides water quality, what should I consider before adding more tropical fish?
How can I stop my colleagues from interrupting me? 	 How can I stop my pie from burning?
What is a mezrag lessor? 	 What exactly is a CV?
How can I clean my pasta machine? 	 How do I clean a very dirty refrigerator?
How do I eliminate cellulite? 	 How to get rid of oversleeping?
Where could the air in the hydraulic system be? 	 Where could the water leaching from the base of the drywall be coming from?
What is the difference between an amplifier and a head? 	 What is the difference between an electronic and a magnetic ballast?
How can I avoid falling asleep? 	 How to get rid of unwanted and annoying co-author?
How do I remove paint from a wooden floor? 	 How do I remove paint from a porous table top?
How do I prevent my dog ​​from constantly barking when I'm not at home? 	 How can I keep my dog from barking when I don't know what he's barking at?
How to avoid paying higher taxes if I work as a freelancer in the UK? 	 How do I avoid paying income taxes on the sale of my business abroad?
What can I do to get in shape while I'm in the car? 	 What can I do to make my writing fit the 1950s?
How do I repair moisture-damaged wood floors? 	 How do I repair spots of damaged hardwood floor finish?
Should I apply for a UK transit visa if I have a visitor visa? 	 Do I need to apply for a visa to enter to South Korea if I already got Aus visa?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of breastfeeding a baby when you ask for it? 	 What are the pros and cons of being co-supervised?
Is it normal for a kitten to have a large belly? 	 Is it normal for a 12-year-old to have Vibrato?
Is there a difference between seasoning and flavoring? 	 What is the difference between a stock and a bond?
What should I look for in a cooking class? 	 What should I look for in a jump rope?
What is the cheapest way to travel from Poland to Lyon (France)? 	 What is the cheapest way to send books from USA to France?
How do I fill a gap between my fireplace and the wooden frame around? 	 How do I fix a hole/gap between my shower tile and the dry wall next to it?
Is 'false' a false friend from English to Spanish? 	 What's the difference between a "false cognate" and a "false friend"?
How can I apply for 2 more jobs when I already have a part-time job? 	 How can I put my resume online when I already have a job?
What can I do to be realistic in order to increase my creditworthiness? 	 What more can I do to improve my credit score?
Does the wife of a British citizen with permanent residence in the UK need a Schengen visa to travel to France? 	 Does a UK Citizen with a foreign passport need a Visa to enter the UK?
What does "a" mean in the general welfare clause? 	 What does the term "Out of the Furnace" refer to?
Do I need a UK transit visa when flying from Lebanon to Ireland? 	 Do I need UK transit visa to going to Ireland?
What is the best method to clean a grater? 	 What is the best way to store fresh berries?
In what countries is it possible to enter a doctoral program in the life sciences, after a degree? 	 Is it possible to do a Master's in Mathematics after a Bachelor's in Economics?
What is the best way to season meals prepared in cast iron skillet? 	 What's the best way to store asparagus?
What is the difference between a stock and a bond? 	 What is the difference between chicken cubes and ground chicken?
How can I write the inner monologue of a character? 	 In a dialogue, how do you write that a character says a letter?
How do I get a recruiter to stop molesting me? 	 How do I get a coworker to stop chit chatting?
What does the cat mean? 	 What is the meaning of the butterfly?
Do I need a visa to enter the United States as a United Kingdom citizen in transit? 	 Does a UK Citizen with a foreign passport need a Visa to enter the UK?
Is it possible to raise crickets? 	 Is it possible to patent recipes?
How can I distinguish a rabbit from a cat? 	 How can I test a rabbit's vision?
How do I remove paint from a wooden floor? 	 How can I remove paint from slotted screw heads?
How do I fix the chips on the wooden windows? 	 How can I repair my floors' finish?
Do you have a title? 	 ¿Tienes coche?
How do I connect the wiring of the air extractor of a bath and the lighting in two switches? 	 How do I wire a combo with two supplies?
What kind of cobweb is this, and how can I get rid of it? 	 What are these bugs and how do I get rid of them?
What kind of isolation is it? 	 What kind of form is it?
How do I fix a heuco between the tub and the wall? 	 How do I fix a hole/gap between my shower tile and the dry wall next to it?
How do I strengthen my wrists? 	 How to strengthen calf muscles?
What is the difference between a stock and a bond? 	 Is there a difference between a manual and an automatic grinder?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of different types of smart switches in the UK market? 	 What are the types of Guitar available and what are the pros and cons of each?
Do I need a transit visa to fly from Germany to India with a stopover in London? 	 Do I need a UK transit visa when flying from Lebanon to Ireland?
What is a resume? 	 What exactly is a CV?
What is the term for the snack that is taken at the end of the meal? 	 What is the proper term for the "year 0"?
What is the meaning of the scene with the policeman near the end of "The Artist"? 	 What is the meaning of the apearance of dogs in the good the bad the ugly?
How do you say "I need company stock or I'm looking for a new job"? 	 Can I say "No" politely for a task I'm not interested in doing?
Do I need a UK transit visa when flying from Lebanon to Ireland? 	 Do I need a visa to transit India?
How do I paint a work of art on a wall? 	 How do I clean a Hammerite paint brush?
How can I remove grout and mortar from a drain? 	 How can I fix a very slow drain?
How can I distinguish a rabbit from a cat? 	 How can I tell the difference between play and aggression at the dog park?
How can I get a really stuck screw? 	 How can I remove paint from slotted screw heads?
Do I need a transit visa for London? 	 Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa?
You just have to base your answer on what you know, which is what you want. 	 rmkilc, what you want to do in principle is FINE.
I could try something like a Philips SpotOn. 	 You could try something like chicken thighs.
This should be useful, not exactly accurate, but you can probably find out from here. 	 I can tell you where it comes from, but not why it's the way it is.
It's not your money. 	 It's not too unusual.
You just have to base your answer on what you know, which is what you want. 	 I don't know what is better, but I think it depends on where you want to publish.
Sometimes if you really want you could have to pay an agency to get the site. 	 If you can not find the problem, you really need to call in an electrician.
In the first case, I do not think you need it 	 So I don't think you need to put it on the cover.
It is something common in a water heater. 	 Volcanic water is not a problem.
I had the same problem as you. 	 I had the same issue.
As you can see in this simple example, there is a lot of information. 	 This recipe just has a lot of liquid in you can see her dressing is very fluid.
The truth is that it does not matter. 	 Maybe it doesn't.
I never use it. 	 I never worry about this.
You do not have to know everything. 	 They really don't need to know.
In the first case, I do not think you need it 	 If you don't mind the extra weight, I would say definitely go for it.
I will think the answer that we do not know. 	 I think, the answer is yet: We don't know.
You must find out what works for you. 	 You have to decide what you want to get out of this.
I do not think there is any appreciable difference. 	 I don't think there's any reason other than historical chance.
I do not think there is any other reason than the historical opportunity. 	 I don't think that there's any.
There is no right answer. 	 There is no maximum.
Just take a look at the tail ..! 	 Mira estos:
The rule - in case of doubt, discard it! 	 I always go by the rule "When in doubt, throw it out!
If this is the case, you really do not have to worry so much about the steak. 	 In the first case, I think you don't need it.
It depends on how you express it. 	 It depends on how it's used.
I think you should do both. 	 You should do it.
If you do not know, hire an electrician. 	 You don't have to know.
I think so. 	 I don't think you should.
I do not think there is a single definition. 	 I think there isn't a general answer.
This is what I think you should do. 	 I think you should do both.
There is nothing wrong with formal dress. 	 There is nothing new in what you describe.
I had the same problem as you. 	 I had the same problem.
As far as I remember, that did not happen in the book. 	 Maybe everyone knew about this, and she was the only one who didn’t.
This is not a good idea. 	 This would be a bad idea.
I will not try to describe it, but here's what I'll do about it: 	 Although it's possible to do what you're asking I wouldn't recommend it.
There are several things you can do: 	 There are a few things you need to consider:
The truth is that it does not matter. 	 So actually it didn't matter.
I think what you are looking for is a ticket that will take you on a trip back to the world 	 I believe the name of the movie you are looking for is Poltergeist 3.
The longer you will, the faster you will be. 	 The more you sweat, the faster you will burn calories and fat.
So I do not think you have to put it on the cover. 	 I don't think you can validate the ticket on the train itself.
Always say that you have something to declare. 	 You will have absolutely no issues.
You have to read a lot to know what you like and what not. 	 You may have to experiment and find what you like.
It depends on how you express it. 	 It rather depends on which country you're in.
It is something common in a water heater. 	 This is not a good idea.
My advice is to say nothing and do the best you can. 	 The best thing you can do is to know your stuff.
You're right about the definition type. 	 You are on the right path.
There are always things to do, even if you think not. 	 Yes, there is a reason to not do what you propose.
I think what you can do in the first place is to properly plan your practices. 	 The best thing you can do is to know your stuff.
If you do not have one, nothing happens, no one would expect that you would have written a lot. 	 Sure you can have one, no one is going to arrest you for putting it in.
It depends to a great extent on the scholarship in question. 	 It depends on the fine print.
Unfortunately the answer to your question is that, we simply do not know. 	 The answer to your question is not really.
You hit the key. 	 You are on the right path.
It depends on your objective 	 It depends on what they are.
You have to read a lot to know what you like and what not. 	 It sounds like you don't know what you are doing with regards to electricity.
You may want to, but you must work by adjusting to the process you have been given. 	 You just have to base your answer on what you do know, which is what you want.
), but is not. 	 But it is not a good idea.
I do not think that there any. 	 No veo que haya nada malo.
I do not think there's any truth to what you're saying. 	 I don't think that there's any.
You just have to base your answer on what you know, which is what you want. 	 You have not quite mentioned what kind of work you would want to do.
The answer depends on where you are. 	 It depends on what they are.
If it is being interposed between you and your work you should then tell your boss. 	 If you like the work, the people and how much your bringing home then stick with it.
In the first case, I do not think you need it 	 I think you don't have many rights in this case.
Solve these problems optimally using this three-step process recursively. 	 In a word, we can solve a problem with optimal substructure using a three-step process.
The vector space model is one of these methods, and it is an algebraic model. 	 The vector space model has the following limitations: 1.
Most of these languages ​​provide an "extended" keyboard, which is used to subdivide another. 	 However an object cannot be cast to a class which is no relative of it.
P (B | A) is the conditional probability of B given A. 	 P(A) is the prior probability A.
Bayes' theorem is a theorem on probability theory originally formulated by the Reverend Thomas Bayes. 	 As a formal theorem, Bayes' theorem is valid in all common interpretations of probability.
As an official theorem, Bayes' theorem is valid in all universal interpretations of probability. 	 Bayes' theorem is useful in evaluating the result of drug tests.
* P (A | B) is the conditional probability of A, given B. 	 P(A) is the probability of the student being a girl (which is 2/5).
In the vector space model a document is represented as a vector. 	 In vector space model, the documents from which the information is to be retrieved are represented as vectors.
Assemblies of hypotheses and facts of the Bayes theorem. 	 Bayes' theorem relates the conditional and marginal probabilities of two random events.
Joe records all his results and about 0.5% of the time accidentally records erroneous results. 	 Lucky Joe likes to predict the colour of the ball he selects and he is 80% accurate.
If a term appears in the document, the value of the term in the vector is nonzero. 	 Vector space representation results in the loss of the order which the terms are in the document.
Bayes' theorem takes the name of Thomas Bayes and is a method used in probability theory. 	 As an official theorem, Bayes' theorem is valid in all universal interpretations of probability.
A vector space model is an algebraic model for representing text documents as identifier vectors. 	 The vector space model are the documents which are represented as “bags of words”.
Object-oriented programming is a type of programming that supports encapsulation, inheritance, and polymorphism. 	 In object oriented programming inheritance is also dependant on access level modifiers.
The further down you are in the line of succession, the more specific the classes become. 	 If the term doesn’t occur within the document, the value in the vector is zero.
P (B) is the a priori or marginal probability of B, and serves to normalize the probability. 	 P(B|A) is the conditional probability of B given A.
Recursively define the value of an optimal solution 3. 	 Secondly to define the value of the optimal solution recursively.
A document can be represented as a vector. 	 A document is represented as a vector and each dimension corresponds to a separate term.
They do not have to be written in the language of computers. 	 This means that inheritance is used when types have common factors and these would be put into the superclass.
The value of a vector is non-zero if a term occurs in the document. 	 If a term occurs in the document, its value in the vector is non-zero.
If a term appears in the document, the vector value will be non-null. 	 If a term appears in the document then its value in the vector is non-zero.
Being a formal theorem, Bayes' theorem is true for all common interpretations of probability. 	 As an official theorem, Bayes' theorem is valid in all universal interpretations of probability.
Of the pages provided by the links. 	 The PageRank depends on the PageRank rating and number of all pages that have links to it.
One of the best-known schemas is tf-idf (see example below). 	 One of the most popular schemes is tf-idf weighting.
Dynamic programming is usually used in optimization problems, where it is necessary to find the most efficient solution. 	 Then, using this, the best overall path can be found, thereby demonstrating the dynamic programming principle.
P (A) is the probability that the student is a girl (which is 2/5). 	 P(B) is the prior or marginal probability of B, and acts to normalise the probability.
• P (A | B) is the conditional probability of A, given B. 	 P(B) is the prior or marginal probability of B, and acts to normalise the probability.
The concept of inheritance is to reuse existing code, with little or no modification. 	 The peropos of inheritance in object oriented programming is to minimize the reuse of existing code without modification.
Frequency of the term: this formula counts how many times the term occurs in a document. 	 If a term occurs in the document, its value in the vector is non-zero.
It was first used in the SMART Information Retrieval System. 	 Its first application was in the SMART Information Retrieval System.
Then, using this, you can find the best way, which demonstrates the principle of dynamic programming. 	 The further down an inheritance tree you get, the more specific the classes become.
Its first use was in the SMART Information Recovery System. 	 The similarity measures largely identify the retrieval efficiency of a particular information retrieval system.
Dynamic programming reduces computation time by solving subproblems upwards. 	 Dynamic Programming solves problems by combining the solutions of subproblems.
Therefore, the "program" is the optimal action plan that is taking place. 	 The "program" is the optimal plan for action that is produced.
Inheritance is a basic concept in object-oriented programming. 	 Inheritance is one of the basic concepts of Object Oriented Programming.
Of the pages provided by the links. 	 The second method is the use of links.
Finally, the order in which the terms appear in the document is lost in the vector space representation. 	 In the vector space model a document is represented as a vector.
A document is represented as a vector and each dimension corresponds to an independent term. 	 Each dimensions corresponds to a separate terms.
It is used to calculate later probabilities given given observations. 	 It is usually used to calculate posterior probabilities given observations.
Typically, a term is a single word, a keyword, or a longer phrase. 	 A normal term is usually a single word, keywords or longer phrases.
The key to Dynamic Programming is to find the structure of optimal solutions. 	 This is highly used in dynamic programming.
Dynamic programming is usually used in optimization problems, where it is necessary to find the most efficient solution. 	 This is highly used in dynamic programming.
Instead, a new element is created that will inherit the characteristics of those that already exist. 	 Inheritance in object oriented programming is a way to form new classes using classes that have already been defined.
Bayes' theorem is a theorem on probability theory originally formulated by the Reverend Thomas Bayes. 	 In probability theory, the prior and conditional probabilities of two random events are related by Bayes' theorem.
However, the key in Dynamic Programming is to determine the structure of optimal solutions. 	 The key to Dynamic Programming is to find the structure of optimal solutions.
If ignored, extract all unique words from the total set of documents. 	 Terms are basically the words or any indexing unit used to identify the contents of a text.
In probability theory, the probabilities above and conditional of any two events are related to the Bayes' theorem. 	 Bayes' theorem relates the conditional and marginal probabilities of two random events.
In computer science; Dynamic programming is a way of solving problems that consists of overlapping subproblems and optimal substructure. 	 Dynamic Programming solves problems by combining the solutions of subproblems.
The number of unique words in the vocabulary defines dimensionality, if words are used to refer to the term. 	 Ignoring case, extract all unique words from the entire set of documents.
Mathematicians use the word to describe a set of rules that anyone can follow to solve a problem. 	 The word Programming in the name has nothing to do with writing computer programs.
The vector space model has numerous disadvantages. 	 LIMITATION: There is some limitation of vector space model.
Since it seeks all possibilities, it is also very accurate. 	 It doesn't take into account any information about B, so it is "prior".
It is similar to divide and conquer, but differs in that its subproblems are not independent. 	 This means that inheritance is used when types have common factors and these would be put into the superclass.
A term presented in the document has a value in the nonzero vector. 	 If a term appears in the document then its value in the vector is non-zero.
One of the best known methods is called tf-idf measurement. 	 One of the best known schemes is tf-idf weighting, proposed by Salton, Wong and Yang.
The method can be abused if people deliberately link to websites in order to increase the PageRank of a website. 	 A dampening factor is used to counter random surfers, who get bored and then switch to other pages.
Depending on the application, the term definition varies. 	 The way that a 'term' is defined depends on the application.
If a term appears in the document, the value of the term in the vector is nonzero. 	 The order in which terms appear in the document is lost in a vector space representation.
This method is much more efficient by recalculating and therefore reduces computation considerably. 	 This is a much quicker method than other more naive methods.
It is often used to calculate future probabilities based on present observations. 	 One of its uses is calculating posterior probabilities given observations.
The thinkers and activists to whom Mr. Bowen interviews tend to be at odds with their Salafist counterparts - defenders of Sunni Islam purist associated with Saudi Arabia - who nowadays have a small but influential presence among Muslims in Europe. 	 The thinkers and activists whom Mr Bowen interviews tend to be at odds with their Salafi counterparts—advocates of the purist Sunni Islam associated with Saudi Arabia—who nowadays have a small but influential presence among Europe’s Muslims.
Cuba has an incipient blog community, led by popular commentator Yoani Sánchez, who often writes about how she and her husband are persecuted and harassed by government agents. 	 Cuba has a fledging blogging community, led by the popular commentator Yoani Sánchez, who often writes about how she and her husband are followed and harassed by government agents.
The ODS withdraws at the request of the Prime Minister 	 ODS stands down at the request of the Prime Minister
So now the three commissioners are attacking us and saying that they will give us the best of it, while the offer they presented was just what they wanted. 	 So now all three commissioners are attacking us and saying that we're getting the best out of it, while the offer we put forward was just what they themselves wanted.
Some wept openly, others prayed, and families and friends held each other in the cold air. 	 Individuals openly wept, others prayed, and families and friends held each other in the frigid air.
Patients' lives can be prolonged markedly by a mixture of drugs that prevents the HIV virus from multiplying in the body. 	 Patients' lives can be greatly prolonged by a mixture of drugs which prevent the HIV virus from multiplying in the body.
We have the last places for New Year and Christmas. 	 We have the last few vacancies for New Year's Eve and Christmas.
Iraq finally opened its doors after six years of war and, instead of American companies, you have Asians and Europeans in the lead, said Ruba Husari, editor of the Iraq Oil Forum, an online news outlet. 	 Iraq finally opened its doors after six years of war, and instead of U.S. companies, you have Asians and Europeans leading the way, said Ruba Husari, the editor of Iraq Oil Forum, an online news outlet.
The specific charges have not been made public, although according to Cuban law, a Cuban citizen or a foreign visitor may be arrested for almost anything accusing them of "danger". 	 The specific charges have not been made public, though under Cuban law, a Cuban citizen or a foreign visitor can be arrested for nearly anything under the claim of "dangerousness."
This year, the cost of regional railways has been 200 million more 	 This year's cost of regional railways: 200 million more
All key press releases will come after the election, whoever wins, adds Roger Bootle, Deloitte's financial adviser. 	 The all important announcements will come after the election, whoever wins it, added Roger Bootle, economic adviser to accountants Deloitte.
Jančura says that his criticism of regional rail transport has already led him to receive threats from a member of the ČSSD. 	 Jančura claims that his criticism of regional rail transport has already led to his being threatened by a member of the ČSSD.
For him and the other Marines who made the trip from Camp Johnson in Jacksonville, North Carolina, to the Arlington National Cemetery to decorate tombs, the day was dedicated to paying homage to the men and women who once stood on their skin. 	 For him, and the other Marines who took the trip from Camp Johnson in Jacksonville, N.C. to Arlington National Cemetery to decorate graves, the day was about paying tribute to men and women who once stood in their shoes.
Then it would be a sudden shortage of vacancies, "Jandura estimates. 	 Then there'll be a sudden shortage of vacancies," estimates Jandura.
Admiral Nelson's encounter as daring 14 year old midshipman fighting only with the white of his aromatic is undoubtedly a myth, but others are true. 	 Admiral Nelson’s encounter as a plucky 14-year-old midshipman fighting only with the butt of his musket is surely a myth, but others are true.
HIV protease is the protein that is essential for the life cycle of the virus. 	 The HIV protease is the protein of the HIV virus, which is essential to the life-cycle of the virus.
This year, regional trains cost 200 million more. 	 This year, regional trains are costing 200 million more.
Treasury Secretary Stephen Timms denies the tax hikes and cost cuts outlined were "a drop in the ocean" compared to what was needed. 	 Treasury minister Stephen Timms denied the tax rises and spending cuts outlined were a "drop in the ocean" compared to what was needed.
The budget has also been criticized by Klaus. 	 The budget has also been criticised by Klaus.
For him, and the other Marines who took the Camp Johnson trip in Jacksonville, N.C. Arlington National Cemetery to decorate tombs, the day tried to pay homage to the men and women who once stood in their shoes. 	 For him, and the other Marines who took the trip from Camp Johnson in Jacksonville, N.C. to Arlington National Cemetery to decorate graves, the day was about paying tribute to men and women who once stood in their shoes.
Brighton is a very exciting and fantastically creative place and we are trying to prove it and represent it through spirituality. " 	 Brighton is such a fantastically creative and vibrant place and we are trying to try and represent that through spirituality."
The only threat was that if we did not stop this, we might lose our bus service license. 	 The only threat was that if we don't stop this, we could lose our bus licence.
In the Czech Republic, joint-stock companies Čeps is the exclusive operator of the electric power transmission system (220/400 kV power lines) 	 In the Czech Republic, the joint stock company Čeps is the exclusive operator of transmission systems and 400 kV and 220 kV power lines.
He got Europe to promise him another five thousand, although at first he had counted on ten. 	 He managed to squeeze a promise out of Europe for another 5 thousand, even though he himself was originally counting on 10.
Ironically it is in the northern waters of the two hunting nations that the ice will last longer. 	 Ironically it is in the waters towards the north of those two hunting nations that the ice will last longest.
The parents paid 1600 crowns or more for the vaccination. 	 Parents paid 1600 crowns or more per vaccination.
He says that the deficit is too high, which worsens the public financing crisis. 	 He claims the deficit is too high, which is worsening the public funding crisis.
In theory, the three main political parties unconditionally support this view. 	 In theory, the three main political parties buy into this vision.
The situation in the plant worsened abruptly last Wednesday when about 400 workers spontaneously held a strike to protest against the incessant overtime. 	 The situation at the plant deteriorated sharply last Wednesday when some 400 workers held a spontaneous strike to protest against the incessant overtime.
VMware is now working with European and US operators to test smartphone virtualisation and the series should reach customers sometime in 2012. 	 VMware is now working with European and American operators to test smartphone virtualisation and the sets should reach customers sometime during 2012.
According to Jančura this is illegal and goes against the principles of the European Court of Justice. 	 According to Jančura this is illegal and in contravention of the principles of the European Court of Justice.
A team of German and Czech scientists have been testing a new compound that can slow the spread of HIV in the body. 	 A team of Czech and German scientists has been testing a new compound which can slow the spread of the HIV virus in the body.
He is now under arrest and faces up to three years in prison. 	 He is now under arrest and faces up to three years in prison.
On a day when little happened in the UN-sponsored climate talks, thousands of activists toured the city carrying banners in English that said "There is not a planet B" and one in Spanish that said, "Earth says , 'Enough'. " 	 On a day when little happened in the U.N.-sponsored climate talks, thousands of activists walked across the city holding banners in English saying "There is No Planet B" and one in Spanish declaring, "The Earth is Saying, 'Enough.'
Barack Obama becomes the fourth US president to receive the Nobel Peace Prize 	 Barack Obama becomes the fourth American president to receive the Nobel Peace Prize
The Chamber gave extra money for the salaries of public employees for social services, and for direct payments to farmers. 	 The House gave extra money for the salaries of state employees, for social services, and for direct payments to farmers.
Large corporations such as Chevron and ConocoPhillips, which have cultivated close ties with the Iraqi Oil Ministry and have provided technical advice in recent years, slipped empty-handed. 	 Major U.S. firms such as Chevron and ConocoPhillips, which have cultivated close ties with the Iraqi Oil Ministry and have provided technical advice in recent years, walked away empty-handed.
The Tories told Alistair Darling that he "spoiled" an opportunity to show that he was serious about cutting the deficit by delaying decisions until after the election. 	 The Tories said Alistair Darling "blew" an opportunity to show he was serious about cutting the deficit by delaying decisions until after the election.
The United States is not going to make an agreement without major developing countries to step up and take action, Stern said, also complaining that the text has not done enough to ensure the cuts could be verified by outside observers. 	 The United States is not going to do a deal without the major developing countries stepping up and taking action, said Stern, who also complained that the text did not do enough to make sure the cuts could be verified by outside observers.
Although neither a failed launching test nor a full test has been completed, the Russian Ministry of Defense considers only six of thirteen tests performed. 	 Even though not one test launch has been completely error-free, the defence ministry consider only six out of the thirteen tests to have been failures.
Roger Bootle, Deloitte 	 Roger Bootle, asesor financiero de la auditora Deloitte
Bowen interviews those thinkers and activists who often disagree with their Salafist counterparts, defenders of Sunni Islam purist associated with Saudi Arabia, who nowadays have a small but influential presence among the Muslims of Europe. 	 The thinkers and activists whom Mr Bowen interviews tend to be at odds with their Salafi counterparts—advocates of the purist Sunni Islam associated with Saudi Arabia—who nowadays have a small but influential presence among Europe’s Muslims.
This year, volunteers located more than 16,000 crowns of flowers in the tomb at Arlington Cemetery, scopes at the Pentagon, Tombs at Fayetteville National Cemetery in Arkansas, Stacks Park in New York City and at the United Airlines Memorial Flight 93 to Shanksville, Pa. 	 This year, volunteers placed more than 16,000 wreaths on the graves at Arlington Cemetery, areas at the Pentagon, graves at Fayetteville National Cemetery in Arkansas, Battery Park in New York City and on the memorial site for United Airlines Flight 93 in Shanksville, Pa.
Cellphones and laptops are legal in Cuba, although they are new and coveted goods in a country where the average salary of a working government is $ 15 a month. 	 Cellphones and laptops are legal in Cuba, though they are new and coveted commodities in a country where the average wage of a government worker is $15 a month.
I do not want to imply that garbage is not classified in Brno. 	 I don't mean to imply that garbage isn't sorted in Brno.
In recent years, Population managers have gradually softened their stance on the one-child policy. 	 In recent years, population officials have gradually softened their stance on the one-child policy.
Filipino gunmen still retain more than 50 people; The children have been released 	 Filipino gunmen still holding more than 50 people, Children have been released
The company works on client projects such as the United States Agency for International Development and the World Bank. 	 The company works on projects for clients such as the U.S. Agency for International Development and the World Bank.
In July, Shanghai became the first Chinese city to launch a vigorous campaign to encourage more births. 	 In July, Shanghai became the first Chinese city to launch an aggressive campaign to encourage more births.
Exxon-Mobil and Occidental Petroleum Inc. were the only US companies to reach agreements with the ministry. 	 Exxon-Mobil and Occidental Petroleum Inc. were the only American companies that reached deals with the ministry.
According to one of the spectators, he asked not to be identified because he participates in the climate talks, activists sports masks and black teams unleashed several explosives near Copenhagen, which is the main channel close several ministries. 	 According to one bystander, who asked not to be identified because he is involved in the climate talks, activists sporting masks and black outfits set off several explosives near Copenhagen's main canal, which is nearby several ministries.
My only goal was to play this role as realistically as possible, Freeman said. 	 My only aim was to play this role as realistically as possible, said Freeman.
No one should ever forget why we are free ... my son paid for it, he said. 	 Nobody should ever forget why we're free. . .my son paid for that, she said.
Rhee said the District needs to continue to dress to find better ways to address the needs of low-achieving students. 	 Rhee said the District needs to continue to find better ways to address the needs of low-achieving students.
While three years ago he himself criticized Bush's idea of ​​sending new troops to aid in the besieged civil war in Iraq as "an irresponsible decision with catastrophic consequences." 	 While three years ago he himself criticised Bush's idea to send fresh troops to help in the beleaguered civil war in Iraq as "an irresponsible decision with catastrophic consequences".
Recycling bins in Brno do not smell very good 	 Recycling containers don't smell so good in Brno
Last year, people 60 and older accounted for nearly 22 percent of residents registered in Shanghai, while the birth rate was less than one child per couple. 	 Last year, people 60 and older accounted for almost 22 percent of Shanghai's registered residents, while the birthrate was less than one child per couple.
The price of eLiška tickets now depends on the distance traveled, whereas, previously, it was a flat rate of 160 crowns to travel through all the cities of the region. 	 The eLiška price will now depend on the distance travelled, whereas, previously, it was a flat rate of 160 crowns to travel between any regional cities.
Generals are optimistic about this nearly fifty percent success rate and keep insisting that "the Bulava" will end up flying smoothly and that even carrying up to ten hypersonic nuclear blocks weighs a total of 1.15 tons. 	 The generals are optimistic about this almost fifty-percent success rate and keep insisting that the "Bulava" will eventually fly smoothly and will even carry up to ten hypersonic nuclear blocks weighing a total of 1.15 tons.
Political institutions, no matter how formally they might be established, will be nothing more than a void in which patriarchal tribal relations will run wild. 	 Political institutions, no matter how formally they might be set up, will be nothing more than a Potemkin village in which patriarchal tribal relations will run wild.
Queen, leaders to bid farewell to Thatcher 	 Funeral de Margaret Thatcher
Gaza ceasefire ends 	 Ceasefire in Gaza underway
Glasgow votes 'yes' to Scotland's independence 	 Brexit will lead to clamour for Scottish independence, says Sturgeon
Protests in Hong Kong become festive after the tear gas chaos 	 Hong Kong protests escalate
The leader of Golden Dawn, in remand pending trial 	 Golden Dawn leader remanded in custody
Iran and IAEA resume nuclear talks 	 Iran, IAEA resume nuclear talks in Tehran
China's generous offer to 1MDB reaps great benefits for Malaysia 	 China keeps an eye on visiting tiger freed by Russian President
5 things you should know for your New Day - Friday, August 28 	 5 things to know for your New Day -- Wednesday, July 15
59 dead in attack on mall, says minister of Kenya 	 Two Indians among 39 killed in Kenya mall attack
South Korean soldier kills comrades and flees 	 South Korean soldier reportedly flees after killing 5 comrades at border with North Korea
A NATO soldier died in a Taliban attack in Afghanistan 	 NATO soldier killed in Afghan attack
Cameron calls for more action on the crisis of immigrants after the chaos in Calais 	 Camerwoman fired for tripping up fleeing migrants
Divers recover bodies from the sunken ferry; The number of victims exceeds 50 	 South Korea sunken ferry death toll 'reaches 50'
Obama to conclude his historic visit to Kenya by addressing the nation 	 Obama to close historic Kenya visit with national address
Occupied Palestinian territory: Israeli forces kill one Palestinian covi and injure another south of Nablus 	 occupied Palestinian territory: IOF Arrest Two Minors on Gaza Border and Abuse One of Them
More than 60 dead at an Iraqi funeral 	 At least 18 killed in Iraq mosque bombing
British actor Bob Hoskins dies at age 71 	 Actor Bob Hoskins Dead at 71
US pressures Iraq over reports of arms deals with Iran 	 US presses Iraq on reports of arms deal with Iran
The head of the Sinaloa Cartel captured in Mexico 	 Mexico's Sinaloa drug chief arrested
Obama: Ebola threat to "Regional and Global Security" 	 Obama: Ebola outbreak also a security threat
Menéndez faces corruption charges 	 Benzema faces possible charges in sex-tape case
The baptism of Prince George of Cambridge is under way 	 Prince George christened by archbishop in London
Iraqi forces end the military siege of Shia city 	 Iraqi forces retake 2 military bases in Anbar
Baltimore police enforce third night with curfew 	 Metro police to get fresh training in crowd handling at police academy
Ashley Madison Cheats Uncovered 	 Ashley Madison users facing extortion threats
Global stocks raise hopes at Fed to keep stimulus 	 Fed expected to maintain stimulus
The Chinese stock market will open with higher values ​​on Monday 	 Chinese shares close lower Thursday
Dana's brother, John Brown, acquitted on two counts of sexual abuse 	 Court clears Dana's brother of all counts of historic sex abuse
Thousands killed after typhoon devastating Philippines 	 Over 100 Dead as Typhoon Slams Central Philippines
Experts say that minimum alcohol prices "will save 860 lives a year" 	 Minimum alcohol pricing would save 860 lives a year, study finds
Iran is optimistic about the possibility of reaching a nuclear deal, the US much less 	 Historic nuclear deal reached; Iran no longer under sanction
Hosni Mubarak will be released within a few days, according to his lawyer 	 Egypt's Mubarak to be freed from jail, lawyer says
The Singapore stock market opens on Thursday with a rise of 0.19% 	 Singapore shares open 0.28% lower on Thursday
Iran ready to resume oil exports to Egypt 	 Global pressure on US to loosen oil exports ban
The Maldives begins to vote in the controversial presidential elections 	 Crisis-hit Maldives holds new presidential poll
Israeli forces detain 2 Palestinians during night-time arrest raids. 	 Israeli forces detain Palestinian MP in Hebron
The UN will vote on resolution MH17 	 UN vote on Aust MH17 resolution
Polls open on the last round of the presidential election in Afghanistan 	 Afghanistan begins run-off votes for Presidential election
The clubs of the Premier League were to avoid the problems of the Champions League 	 Gunners fire but fail to advance in Champions League
Obama begins his trip to Africa in Senegal 	 Obama begins Africa tour in Senegal
Somali citizen arrested after attempted rape 	 Bali arrest over attempted schoolie rape
The Treasury proposes a 1.5% increase in income tax in the budget 	 Treasury proposal sees 1.5% increase in income tax
Aircraft at the edge of the accident at Vietnam airport 	 Two planes nearly collide at central Vietnam airport
Five dead in a shootout in Saudi Arabia 	 3 killed, 4 injured in Los Angeles shootings
A magnitude-4 earthquake shakes southwest China 	 Strong 6.0-magnitude quake hits northern California
Malaysian ballots for stability or change 	 Malaysia elections: Malaysians vote with power at stake for first time
Prince William appeals to FIFA 	 Prince William begins Japan tour
Hundreds of Iranian troops target Syria 	 Hundreds of Ukranian troops retreat across border to Russia
3 wounded during attack by gunmen in Kabul 	 Gunmen Attack Shi'ite Mosque In Kabul
Why Mitch McConnell is not as doomed as this survey would make you believe 	 Mitch McConnell tied in new poll. Does he miss Ashley Judd yet?
The withdrawal of heavy weaponry, in neutral in Eastern Ukraine 	 Rebel weaponry cut back in eastern Ukraine
The Cannes thief stole jewelry from the hotel's Leviev exhibition 	 Cannes' second jewellery heist in months
Egyptians say 'yes' to new constitution 	 Egypt regime hails passage of new constituion
More than 2000 immigrants rescued from wooden boats in the Mediterranean 	 More than 3,400 migrants rescued at sea in Mediterranean